
Dear Brian Knaus, Nikita Gambhir, Kaitlin Gold,

 

The Annual Meetings Board (AMB) is pleased to confirm that “An Introduction to R for Plant Pathologists” has been accepted for the Plant Health 2020 meeting program! Plant Health 2020 will take place August 8-12 in Denver, Colorado, U.S.A.

 

IMPORTANT ITEMS

    Guidelines: Organizers MUST read the attached guidelines for important details relating to the planning of workshops. 

 

    Standard Workshop Package: In an effort to standardize our workshop offerings and to help with meeting our food & beverage requirements at the hotel, APS has put together a “standard package” for our 2020 pre-meeting workshops. These fixed costs include room rental, audio visual, staff labor, and coffee services. This new workshop process is in direct response to APS Council’s request to be more effective and efficient, and to keep overall costs to a minimum.  The registration fees below are subject to increase based on any additional costs identified by the organizer in their budget sheet. The minimum charge for any workshop, regardless of outside funding/sponsorship dollars, will be:

    Half Day (3-4 hours): $89/person, 20 people minimum.
    Full Day (7-8 hours): $119/person, 20 people minimum. Lunch is not included in this price.

 

    Budget Sheets: The attached Planning Budget is to be completed and returned to APS Headquarters no later than January 15th. 

 

    Sponsorship: Workshop organizers are encouraged to seek and obtain outside sponsorships to aid in off-setting costs of their workshop. While outside sponsorship dollars cannot lower the minimum registration fee as described above, the sponsorship dollars could be used to secure extra refreshments or workshop materials for attendees, to reimburse speaker costs, etc. If you would like to pursue outside sponsorships, please contact us for sponsorship processing information.

 

Congratulations!

I look forward to working with you, and if you have any questions, please do not hesitate to ask.

 

Megan Boatman

Program Manager

American Phytopathological Society (APS)

3340 Pilot Knob Road

Eagan, MN 55121 U.S.A.

Direct: 651.994.3809

Main: 651.454.7250
http://planthealth2020.org

